Banking is one of the industries that Mono has served since the very beginning. We have built complex lending management systems, cloud-based loan approval systems, mobile wallets, integration platforms, and payment processor interfaces.
We are working on a highly configurable, white-label, omnichannel (online and mobile banking, branch and contact center) SaaS implementation of a lending platform that integrates with multiple core systems for automated underwriting and instant loan funding.
Amongst its features was a flexible decision engine and a configurable traffic manager in the underwriting workflow to process loan requests and enable performance testing of multi-variate underwriting models.
     
Small Business Administration loans.
In addition to this, we have build sbaOpen, an enterprise-class Web application that allows lenders to efficiently and effectively originate, underwrite, authorize and approve SBA loans. The Small Business Administration (SBA) is a United States government agency that provides support to entrepreneurs and small businesses.
Most American banks participate in the program, as do some non-bank lenders, which expands the availability of loans. Participating lenders agree to structure loans according to the SBA's requirements, and apply and receive a guaranty from the SBA on a portion of this loan.

Following the rules.
SBA lending and loan processing is based on one of the (if not the) most complex set of rules and standard operating procedures (SOPs).
SOPs for SBA loans are regularly updated and we have created a solution that allows all these changes to be implemented in a timely manner./p>

PARAGRAPH

A worry-free solution.
sbaOpen is a worry-free solution for SBA lenders. sbaOpen is the only solution that automatically generates a complete set of eligibility criteria that both lenders and borrowers must follow. At the same time, sbaOpen automatically creates a set of documents that are required for loan submission to SBA.
After SBA approval is received, sbaOpen automatically generates a set of closing documents, and prepares documents needed in the funding phase.
Similar work:
Our solutions include predictive analytics for online banking, text analytics and document management for financial institutions, enterprise collaboration portals, data visualization and reporting, forecasting, big data techniques, asset and liability management, credit risk and fraud detection and prevention solutions.

Tools and technologies:
ASP.NET MVC,
Baasic,
Angular,
Apache Cordova,
Xamarin,
PostgreSQL,
SQL Server,
SQL Server Reporting Services,
Power BI,
HDInsight,
Azure Service Fabric.

