Deep learning for medical imaging
Magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) is one of the most advanced noninvasive medical diagnostic methods which produces images of cross-sections of organs in three main planes and their combinations, enabling for more accurate assesment and diagnostic of various diseases. It is often a method of first choice for diagnostic deseases of central nervous system organs, as well as various diseases and states of the locomotor system.
While the hazards of other imaging methods that use ionizing radiation (X-rays, CT) are now well-understood and controlled, MRI may still be a better choice in many different scenarios. On the other hand, it is a relatively expensive and time-consuming technique. It generates and captures huge amounts of data containing extremely valuable information, at a pace far surpassing what traditional manual methods of analysis can process. The analysis of MR scans require highly specialized experts that manually review and mark regions affected by some sort of pathology. 
Algorithms and processes that could at least partially automate this work could bring be very valuable in clinical practice.

PARAGRAPH

The goal of this project is to produce a Software-as-a-Service (SaaS) system for automating segmenting and classification of orthopedics MRI, focusing on knee scans, using Machine Learning (ML) techniques. Algorithmic methods for MRI analysis fall into two general categories: classification and segmentation. Classification assigns a label to an MRI series??normal/abnormal, level of severity, or a diagnosis. Segmentation is the process of delineating the boundaries, or contours, of various tissues and processes. Our system aims to contain functionality of both methods, and will serve as a virtual assistant in interpreting MR scans to help radiologists in their everyday work.
Finished system include functionality for acquiring imaging results via DICOM standard, data pre-processing, processing of images using appropriate ML models, and displaying results in an user-friendly and intuitive fashion. We have applied Class Activation Map (CAM) overlays on top of original scans to show which areas contributed the most to the classification outcome, signalizing which anatomic structures should be evaluated further for problems.
We intend to continue development of this product which by extending its scope to include support for processing other regions of body, as well as support for unlimited number of users using cloud-computing technologies.

