Mono deployed an advanced eGovernment system that allows inspectors to be more productive while reducing the amount of paperwork involved in their everyday work.
It is One system that fills multiple roles.
State Inspectorate is a central state administrative body in the Republic of Croatia.
It supervises the activities in several fields, including traffic of goods, services, catering and tourist businesses; work and safety at work; electric power supply, mining and pressure vessels; and traffic of goods, services, catering and tourist businesses; work and safety at work; electric power supply, mining and pressure vessels, and other fields regulated by special laws. eOcevidnik is a comprehensive eGovernment solution that covers all business scenarios for several hundreds of inspectors working for three separate ministries.
The functionality and user interface have to be common across the organization, but the needs of inspectors in each particular administrative field are varying greatly.
One of the main goals was to enable inter-institutional cooperation, by using Web services to exchange important information with other government bodies.
Additionally, the Inspectorate's public Web site has to be synchronized with their intranet portal to allow for easy content publishing. Visitors of the public Web portal must have the ability to report various law violations and to track the statuses of their cases.
Various forms must be available for electronic processing, and users' electronic signature is used to avoid paper-based submissions.
Our initial development efforts were dedicated to delivering a bare functional prototype in just a few weeks. In the line of the agile development methodology and due to frequent legislative changes, new releases were issued frequently, emphasizing intensive communication with the client.
Mono smart client framework solved most of the low level tasks (Web service communication, security, user interface management, report section), so we were able to focus on critical business issues.
Tools and technologies: .NET Win Forms, ASP.NET MVC, Windows Presentation Foundation, Windows Communication Foundation, SQLServer, SQLServer Reporting Services, SQLServer Analysis Services, Data Minning Add-Ins

