Team extension services: Augmenting your in-house IT team to add missing tech skills.
Get immediate access to some of the best IT professionals, while maintaining your strategic competencies in house. Our developers and architects will add missing skills to your internal teams, so it can grow fast and achieve business goals on time. 
Many companies around the world cannot hire right local tech talent on time. Some are unhappy with high attrition rates of in-house teams or need to quickly scale their delivery capacity. Whatever the reason is, our team extension services will allow you to augment your teams with selected, competent professionals that will match or exceed productivity of you internal team members.
Team extension model acknowledges the fact that technical skills of individual team members are just one factor contributing to the success of the project. Successful software engineering is also about leadership and management. You will be able to keep control over the whole team - new developers that we provide are a complement to your existing team, not an independent group. In essence, they are becoming an internal part of your company for the length of the project.
When working in a team extension model, our first priority is to set up a fully functional core team. Its goal is to become familiar with your corporate culture, business domain knowledge, development technologies and management methodologies. In later phases, they are able to transfer this knowledge to new team members without clients involvement. Furthermore, you will benefit not only from instant capacity, but also from flexibility to scale the team size up ad down as business goals change over time.

PARAGRAPH

Our team is based in Europe, allowing for at least several hours of time overlap with most of the developed world. If a project needs even closer collaboration, our team members can operate onshore. With more than 100 full time employees in technical roles, we can cover a lot of ground and successfully handle projects of all sizes. 
An alternative approach, known as dedicated development team, frees up your time completely to focus on companys core competencies and business side. Hired team is fully responsible for gathering the right human resources, managing the project, quality control and delivery. You enhance your business productivity, while software development is delegated to professionals from our team, with their own management and frameworks. 
Let us know if you would like to use team extension or dedicated development team model for building your next product of service. Our experience spans almost two decades and several hundreds completed projects.
