When off-the-shelf software cannot meet your business requirements, our custom software development expertise and business domain knowledge mean a world of difference. We are ready to start within days.
Custom software development is at our core. We have more than 17 years of business experience and employ the very best developers, business analysts, project managers, designers and testers. 
We've implemented solutions for clients ranging from one-person startups to Fortune 500 companies. From medicine and pharma to banking and finance; from recruitment and transportation to real estate and education - we are building secure, scalable and robust software systems. From single user, standalone desktop and mobile apps to web systems spanning dozens of different clustered resources, our system architects will design the optimal solution addressing your business requirements. You can start small and scale the team as your business grows.


Our work gets praises from clients all over the world. 
 Our services cover the complete software product lifecycle, from business analysis, UX/UI design and development to quality assurance and support. 
 Our pricing plans are straightforward and provides great value for your money. 
 Our work is completely transparent. You are continuously updated about the status of the development and have full control. You will have access to timesheets detailing every second spent on the project. 
 Our teams are self-sufficient and do not have to be micromanaged. 
 We support several models of collaboration with our clients, including team extension model - where you augment your in-house teams with developers that will complement your staff’s skill gaps; and dedicated development team model - where we handle the complete project as a separate entity with its own management and frameworks. 

PARAGRAPH

Our Development process.
Business requirements are constantly evolving, so we use an agile, iterative and incremental approach to support and encourage these natural course changes. 
We will work with you to blueprint a system that can be built efficiently to meet your needs. The idea is to help you define a minimal viable product—the first usable form of your application.
Your requirements are broken down into small and manageable parts. Each of them describes a small piece of work needed to achieve results. This is where we start to get a sense of the amount of work involved.
The time and price estimate for your new application is based on estimates for each individual task defined in the previous step. Summing it all up gives us the estimated completion date. Requirements can be added or changed at any time.
Before development starts, all tasks are added to the product backlog - a list of requirements for a product. It contains everything needed to successfully deliver a viable product.
A sprint (or iteration) is the basic unit of development. It usually lasts for a week or two and aims to implement a fixed number of backlog items. The goal of each sprint is to have a system that is integrated and ready for delivery.
At the end of a sprint, the team reviews the sprint to articulate lessons learned and check progress. A new set of backlog items is chosen for the next sprint, and the work continues until the product is ready for the market.
This process increases the quality of the final product, copes with changes, provides better estimates without spending too much time on them, and allows you to be more in control of the project schedule and state.

PARAGRAPH

We support the following tools, technologies and environments: .NET, AngularJS, React, Xamarin, Ionic, Flutter, Python, Amazon AWS, Microsoft Azure.
We have already built hundreds of software systems for our clients
Let us know if you have an idea or a concept that needs to be turned into a successful software product or a service. 


